To told viewers, Japan has a lot of attractions is true then
times the historic old town every marketplace of samples of Calvary
This saves a beautiful local history round a magnificent
Landscape around
and there is also a puddle attraction of the one assumes
Percentage of criticism has always existed
but against that is not so
she is 50 years old and celebrates her birthday
have said before
on this occasion he gives tomorrow evening are Munich cultural center Gasteig with
a lot of ammonia could do it afterwards
Goar his name is inextricably linked to the dancer Knappenchor
Professor Gerhard Schmid Cards
artistic director for exactly 50 years
I have just
Graduated from high school gave the furs
Neunkirchen upper secondary school
and actually wanted
OTP and Lillian Boutté lead five Union solid
and then I came to that choir like the maiden to the child
I was invited
a scout group
to take over those already
sang for a few years
that is clear
Foundation shaped name Kurt
I did not want a tarte flambée
and I had to take virtually everyone
the one who could do a tomasson
and had to make deep roses from this one that was very tedious
The thistles of yesteryear still meet today and swarms of the beautiful ones
Times not only the music was important for a short time the Anton basic materials
Euro celebrity travelers proudly praised Mill
from the parents must agree is car which institute stands the world
still can not go Go
Average usual interests and wishes I insistently a little bit
clumsy is then in the round under the magnifying glass this school
Closing quarter hour is and speaks »
Their special gifts and donations will be asked for betting
and
When she was with the bow, the 7 was motivating her child in this bond
in the per cent euro at that time would have within weeks to 2 1
under the skin of humans per inhabitant
The management of the company itself will thus find guests
really happy ending in the district rose to 2 7 percent
This is no longer possible, but they are still in demand today
and who are not careful or are wrong
It can quickly make a big jump
Eventually we were taken to picture de
over 200 points
divided into four choirs are trained in the Munich studios
in addition, from Opel and individual lessons they learn in four
Years perfect vocal technique and are then ready for the stage
Schmidt gave her checked her creative head while singing down
January
a difficult exercise
but this young singer dominates
who is included in the dancers boy's choir has good
Hearing and quick comprehension
developed during the training through the breathing technique as well as the voice
made free
Measurements have shown
that the 13-year-old choirboy Frederick Jost can produce sounds as loud as
a jackhammer
Despite a firm pincer grip from Schmidgaden, he succeeds by tensing the
Lowering Abdominal Muscle Climate change is going through quite a bit
experienced
like from Zug with Jacques Chirac
Benedikt he may not have pulled out full power I teach
I had to get a little cheaper
very well
gifted singers like Freddy Jost are soloists and Turks through the world of
one stage to the next always accompanied by a school in power
More than 250 concerts and opera performances will be performed by
various groups and soloists Testesser Knabenchors annually
denied
Percent
No
MR
Dr also Paula
a
r
times
Sheffield instead
August for two cases for crisis
and also the parents of Freddy Jost have succeeded completely
we are very proud and now we are looking forward to one percent "We will always be proud
she wanted me to go tears came in the table
Percent can be with nice weather
Yes
in the race
we want to compete with you
it's a nice draw
Dr
Drs half of the customers firstly episode launches
This demanding education does not already create the experience of choirmaster
and vocal contributor francs amounts to
it always remains the motivation one's motivation it is not the one
Boarding means that the children prefer the home
So you have to say yes in your free time
and if she can not do it of her own accord
it is
Coco short actually actually so you have to motivate them again and again
you
to be in the mood to become world leader
and then dapd
the parents play an important role
they have to be ready to join the little choir boys twice a week
Samples to Munich are to drive
but at least now it is worth the effort for them because today is the first
Performance of the youngest choir members on the program
at the concert for the older ones in the small congress hall in Munich
Showers also the first graders on the stage
great performance with the Bavarian children's song even the connoisseur's view